Add new kit testing page (#228)
srobo/runbook: docs/kit/logistics/kit-testing/README.md

# Kit Testing

Prior to SR2025, Kit Collation and Kit Testing were separate events.
From SR2025, we have combined the two events to reduce the number of times that volunteers need to travel for kit events over the summer.
The key improvements that have allowed for this are the increased automation of the test scripts and the included functionality of recording board asset codes during testing.
This allows for the removal of the manual collation step.

All the automated test scripts are included in the [kit-test-scripts package](https://github.com/srobo/kit-test-scripts).
This can be installed through pip:

```bash

> pip install sr-kit-test

Reviewer: Given it's an SR package, can you add `srobo` as an owner of the package.

Author: Done

```

## Preparation

Prior to starting, some preparation of the work area is required.
You will want 4-8 clear tables to work on.
This is to allow space to separate out and group the items of the kit.

First empty out all the boxes containing kits and create piles of each item in the kit.
The entire testing process focuses on individual elements of the kit so multiple different parts of the kit can be tested in parallel.

The final part of preparation is allocating the boxes things will end up in.
For this you will want:

- A box for each each of the items in the kit, they will be placed in this box after passing the functionality test.
- A box for items that failed the functionality test.
- A box for items that have damaged cases.

!!! note

>     A single box can contain more than one type of item (i.e. boards and servo boards) but all of one type of item should be in a single box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A single box can contain more than one type of item (for example motor boards and servo boards) but all of one type of item should be in a single box.
```

USB Hub | Manually inventoried
CamCon (7.5mm) | Count only
MiniCamCon (5mm) | Count only
MicroCamCon (3.81mm) | Count only
Screwdriver | Count only
Screw shields | Count only

Once this step is completed each type of item will be grouped into a box.
This is the box they will remain in for the rest of testing unless they fail a step.

## Visual Inspection

Once items have passed their functionality test, they need to go through a visual inspection.

What we are checking for here is:

- The asset sticker is still readable, including that the barcode is not damaged.
- The case doesn't have any holes large enough to poke a finger through.
- Any broken case pieces aren't creating sharp edges.

For items that need replacement asset codes create a separate pile so that all the new asset labels can be printed as a single batch.

For items that have broken cases, record the asset codes so that the `physical_condition` field can be updated in the inventory and place the item in the broken cases box.

Items that pass visual inspection can be returned to the box they were stored in after functionality testing.

## Cleaning

> Where adhesives have been used to attach the kit to the robot there will be sticky residue that needs to be cleaned off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where adhesives have been used to attach the kit to the robot there will be sticky residue that needs to be cleaned off.
If a case looks dirty, but is not sticky or mucky to the touch, it's ok to pass it to prioritise other tasks.
```

Since we have started recommending alternative fixing methods to teams the number of boards returning with residue has decreased greatly.

Any remaining sticky chunks can be scraped off flat surfaces using a flat metal scrapper.
After this a wipe down with isopropyl alcohol can remove the remaining residue.

## Case Repairs

> Where time allows, a first pass can be taken at replacing broken or missing cases by removing cases from boards that failed the functionality tests and spare case parts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where time allows, a first pass can be taken at replacing broken or missing cases by removing cases from boards that failed the functionality tests and spare case parts.

If more case parts need manufacturing, the exact items and quantities should be noted down.
```
